[roaring]
Larhart: [determined snarl]
Mystvearn: [struggling grunt]
Sizzle!
[charging roar]
What the...
Any idea what that
was, Your Majesty?
Flora: It's stopped.
That low rumble
coming from somewhere
deep within the palace -
it's gone quiet.
Princess Leona's Kaglimmer
may have held it at bay,
but it never came to a halt.
At least... not
until this moment.
Wait a minute.
Doesn't that mean...
I bet it was Dai.
They must have destroyed
whatever it is that
powers Vearn Palace.
[cheering]
The Hero's party saves
the day once again!
We're not out of
the woods yet.
It doesn't mean that they've
defeated the Dark King...
But it does mean
that Vearn Palace
has been rendered inoperable.
It was the only weapon
that posed a threat...
And without that, the
Dark Army has no advantage.
Lon Beruk: Well, considering it
hasn't fallen from the sky...
It looks like this
fortress must actually be
made out of some kind of
material that can float.
So it would seem.
Flora [thought]: In fact...
Rather than dropping
to the ground,
it appears it's doing
just the opposite.
Very slowly...
Little by little...
It's rising.
No way...
You have two of those
Dragon Crests now?
Dai: It's more
than that, Leona...
He's alive.
It's Dad. His spirit
fills my heart...
and his power...
all of it is right
here in my fist.
Larhart and Master Avan
weren't the only ones...
who overcame death itself
to help me get this far.
Dad was here, too...
He's been with me
through every fight,
just like he promised.
Leona: Honestly, your
father turning into a Crest
and living on in your heart
sounds a little far-fetched...
But at this point,
anything's possible.
You might be out of your mind,
but it's nice to see
you smiling for a change.
What on earth is that thing?
Goroa?
He looks different, but...
I'm pretty sure
that's the guy who
looked after the
Dark Force Reactor.
Leona: Sort of a klutz, huh?
Dai: I don't think he's
used to being in this form.
He said he was a Drumbler
and Vearn gave him power.
This drum creature must be what
a normal Drumbler looks like.
Do you really
believe that Vearn can
transform such a clumsy
little monster...
into a guard who
nearly overpowered you?
If he could, it wouldn't
really surprise me.
Master warned us
that his Magic Power
was beyond understanding.
Dai: Let's get moving.
It doesn't look like we're too
far from the top of the tower.
Leona: Yeah, but I'm not
sure how we're supposed to
get to the top with
the stairs blown out.
Weird. There's nothing here.
Let's go higher.
[roaring]
Gotcha.
Kafrizz!
[roaring]
Get some of this!
Keep him distracted!
[roaring]
Well, great.
All that for nothing.
This guy's unbelievable.
I mean, he's been
fighting all day.
First Lon Beruk,
then the three of us...
At this point,
any ordinary warrior would
be totally out of steam...
Maam: And it's like
he doesn't even
need to catch his breath.
Because he's no
ordinary warrior.
There's something
supernatural at work.
I've already hit him with
several mortal blows...
But take a look at this.
Larhart: The only
thing that's suffered
any lasting damage
is my weapon.
I'll wager that he's
completely unscathed.
Mystvearn: Exactly
right, Land Rider.
I can't hit you
with my attacks,
and you can't damage
me with yours.
We're at a stalemate...
However, it's only
a matter of time
before your stamina runs out.
All I have to do is wait.
Popp [thought]: That's
what he's been up to.
If we let him keep
drawing out the fight...
Maam [thought]:
We'll get exhausted,
and once we're too weak
to defend ourselves,
Mystvearn will strike.
Larhart [thought]: The only
way we win this is if
we uncover the secret to
his invulnerability.
Until then, not even my best
attacks will finish the job.
So, how?
Leona: This must be
what's left of the dome
that was on top of
the Tower of Supremacy.
If there was
anything above it,
I guess it would've been
destroyed by your Doruora.
That sure was something...
I've never seen such
a powerful spell.
Maybe we got lucky.
Do you think it could've
taken out King Vearn, too?
I kinda doubt it.
I mean, sure, he might've
taken a bit of damage.
But he's way too strong
to have gone down so easily.
Vearn: Yes, precisely.
Leona, watch out!
Vearn.
That's him, huh?
Congratulations.
You've made an impressive
mess of my castle.
Now that I've witnessed
what you're capable of,
there's no reason
to continue dawdling.
It's time to erase you
and your dear princess.
Leona [thought]: This is
the Dark King Vearn?
But he's so... withered.
Get ready.
Dai [thought]: Vearn's always
been so calm and collected,
but now I can sense his
malice out in the open.
He's not bluffing.
He's about to come at us
with all of his power.
[roaring]
Vearn: [powerful howling]
Leona [thought]:
I don't believe it.
Simply unleashing
his Magic Power
generates that much force?
Dai [thought]: He's even
stronger than we thought.
Dai [thought]: That means last
time, he was barely even trying
and he mopped
the floor with me.
I don't even know
what I'm up against.
I know I've got
two crests on my side,
but even that might not be
enough to match him now.
Uh, Dai?
Oh, yes.
I know exactly what you're
thinking, little Hero.
"What chance do I stand
against such a mighty foe
now that I wield the power
of two Dragon Crests?"
Twin Dragon Crests.
Vearn: That is what
I've decided to call them.
Oh, real creative...
Vearn: When a Dragon Knight's
reign finally comes to an end,
their crest is returned
to the Mother Dragon,
then she passes it on to the new
life which resides within her.
You see, what makes
a Dragon Knight
so dangerous is not
the Crest itself,
but the Combat Instincts which
they inherit along with it.
The mark that
you bear contains
the accumulated knowledge
and skill of every
Dragon Knight who
has ever fought
in the centuries
since their inception.
This collective experience
is passed from
generation to generation.
In other words,
every Dragon Knight...
is born with the
instincts for battle that
their predecessor spent
a lifetime developing...
It makes them
exquisite in combat.
You are the son of Baran;
a Dragon Knight outside
the normal lineage.
You were born with
a Crest of your own...
And your strength is
certainly considerable...
However, you never
inherited the skills.
Only now...
it seems Baran's Crest has been
passed down to you properly.
The might of the Twin Dragon
Crests has been unleashed,
and it has granted you
superior abilities in battle.
And by combining your
innate strength...
with the combat experience
of every Dragon Knight
who came before you, an
all-new entity has emerged.
The Super Knight...
Greater than a mere
Dragon Knight, you see?
Vearn: With this
power awakened,
I can no longer predict
your abilities...
Who knows? Perhaps you'll
even surpass the Dragonoid.
I, the Dark King Vearn,
have no equal
and nothing to fear in
the great Trio of Worlds.
However, I've lived
long enough to know that
the unpredictable can
never be underestimated.
Vearn: Therefore, I'm
left with only one option:
Your immediate annihilation.
Vearn: Therefore, I'm left
with only one option:
Your immediate annihilation.
Dai: Leona, you'd better
stay back for this!
Wait, but...
[amused laugh]
I'd heed his warning if I
were you, Princess of Papnica.
To approach here is
to court your doom.
If it's any consolation,
there was no point.
Nothing can be done
to stop this now.
Vearn: What's the trouble?
Are you not going
to fight back, Dai?
Dai [thought]:
He's really fast...
And his impact's way stronger
than before, too. But...
Leona: Dai?
What... What's wrong?
Why aren't you
doing anything?!
Leona [thought]:
I get it...
He must not be able to decide
how to make his first strike.
The last time Dai faced him,
Vearn broke his sword.
And his Doruora didn't have
any effect on him either.
He must be freezing up because
he can't get a handle on
how to approach the fight.
Dai [thought]:
How do I take him?
With my sword... With a spell?
Don't tell me fear
has taken you.
How disappointing, but
convenient for me nonetheless...
Now it's time to perish!
Dai [thought]:
How do I do this?!
Leona: Hey, Dai!
Trust me, you don't
need to overthink it!
Just beat the
snot out of him!
[roaring]
Yes! I got him.
I made him fall.
I can make the Dark King fall.
Okay, then.
I landed the first hit.
Let's land another!
Dai [thought]: Leona's right.
Overthinking is just
gonna hold me back.
And I'll never beat him by
fighting normally, so...
The only way is to
find an opening,
and then hit him with
all of my power...
until he's down for good.
Dai [thought]:
Just like she said.
She's kinda got a knack
for this, doesn't she?
Thanks, Leona.
Not a bad piece of advice!
Dai: But, I mean it's not
very "Royal Highness-y"
of you to tell me to beat
the snot out of somebody...
Oh, please. Give me a break!
You're only proving
me right, y'know.
You need to loosen up!
Vearn [thought]: I was
sure I had him there,
but once again Dai
defies my expectations.
His tactics are too erratic...
There's no way to
anticipate his next move.
I was correct.
He may not be aware of it,
but the centuries of Combat
Instincts he's inherited
from the Dragon Knights
are beginning to lead him.
Remember...
I hear you.
Don't think - attack.
Now, here we go. I won't
hold anything back.
I'll hit him
with my best moves.
Come on. This is it!
Let's start him out
with an Earth Slash.
Foolish little brat.
I can shatter your
blade like glass!
Vearn [thought]:
It won't break?!
Yeah, that's right.
[roaring]
Earth Slash!
[growling]
Leona [thought]:
Dai, this is amazing...
You're evenly matched
with the Dark King!
Dai [thought]: It's really
working. I can fight him.
My Draconic Aura,
power, and speed...
They all have more force than
they did with only one Crest.
It's almost like somebody
else is fighting through me...
Vearn [thought]: I knew this was
the true extent of his powers.
It's been obvious ever since
he unleashed his Doruora.
As I understand it,
Dragon Knights can only cast
a spell of that magnitude
when they take Dragonoid form.
Otherwise, the
energy it produces
would incinerate
them on the spot.
Vearn [thought]: Only the
combined might of humans,
Dragons and Darklings may
wield such devastating fury.
It's a kind of
built-in safeguard
to protect the conjurer...
Only... Dai just used it while
remaining in human form...
Which means his power must be
equal to that of
the Dragonoids...
Could it be?
You impress me,
but I'm more interested in
what's beneath the surface...
And there's only
one way to find out
what you're really made of.
No, I know that stance...
Calamitous Wall!
Vearn [thought]: You've
exhausted all my patience.
Unlike our last encounter,
I won't show you mercy.
Dai [thought]: It's too fast.
I'll never dodge it!
Now burn, you little pest!
Dai [thought]:
Wait... This is Aura...
Or it's something
a lot like Aura.
Blasting upwards as
it's racing towards me...
If I'm right...
[roaring]
Vearn [thought]: He passed
through it unharmed?
How? The full force of a
Calamitous Wall is impenetrable.
Mystvearn: Judging by
these shockwaves...
it seems King Vearn has
engaged Dai in battle.
Very well. I suppose
I should finish this.
Okay...
You'd better hurry
up and heal Larhart
before he tires out, Maam.
I hate to admit it,
but he might be our best shot
at taking down this specter.
I'll buy you the time.
-P-Popp. Wait -
-No, don't!
Mystvearn: You don't
learn, do you, Mage?
You aren't strong enough
to hold me off on your own.
Popp, no!
[helpless gasp]
Hym: You know,
that's the second time
I've come to your rescue.
What is it you really
do around here?
Popp: Y-You?!
Hyunckel: Don't be afraid.
Hym overcame the
grip of death itself,
and now he's been
reborn as our ally.
Hyunckel...
Oh, what a relief.
You're all right!
Sorry. I didn't know...
No, it's okay.
Don't worry about me.
Popp: Are you kidding?!
You moron.
All we've been doing is
worrying about you.
I thought...
I mean we all thought
for sure you were a goner!
If you ever pull another
stunt like that...
I'm gonna kick
your butt. You hear me?
I hope you'll forgive me.
But, no, I'm not
planning to fight
like that again any time soon.
Backup has arrived, and
our enemies are dwindling.
I'm here to watch you win.
Vearn [thought]: I can
hardly believe my eyes.
Even if he withstood it
using his Draconic Aura...
he still should have
taken a tremendous
amount of damage
from the shockwave.
But somehow...
He managed to shield himself
by manipulating the flow
of his Aura to mimic the
energy of my Calamitous Wall.
That's what allowed
him to pass through
the shockwave without
being affected.
Now Dai stands alone.
None of his fellow Disciples
of Avan have ever come close
to demonstrating this
level of skill or ingenuity.
I'm certain of it.
The Combat Instincts passed
down through every generation
of Dragon Knight since
the time of the gods...
They've truly begun
to take root within him.
Narrator: With the
collective experience of eons
of Dragon Knights
guiding his attacks,
Dai gains the advantage
against the Dark King.
Meanwhile, Hym makes a
stand against Mystvearn,
and the duel between
Killvearn and Avan rages on.
But when the Reaper's
cruel theatrics cause
Avan to lose his edge,
the battle comes to a head...
As the dust settles,
who will escape the
Judge's gruesome verdict?
Find out on
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"Killvearn's Trap."